---
layout: page
title: Key Findings
---

## Findings ##

## Implementation Challenges ###

  
<p align="justify"> We believe it is necessary to rule out East and Southeast Asia because there are several global implementation challenges in these regions.
The idea of leveraging remittances is not a new concept within the context of Southeast Asia. However, remittance-based projects within this specific geography have focused on (1) cash remittances and (2) finance-based development projects. With these considerations, Southeast Asia might not be the most suitable place for a green remittance project.</p>

<p align="justify"> In terms of why we need to rule out China, I think the following reasons may lead to great obstacles and risks in the implementation of the project in China: Though sustainable finance is developing fast in China, the whole sustainable finance concept is quite new in China and it includes green remittance. So we really do not have too many case studies for our reference. It’s still at an early stage.We also found that research on remittance in China is more about domestic migration and remittance. There are not lots of research and projects about  international remittance.</p>

<p align="justify">We should also be careful about the strict regulations towards international organizations and projects that China does not feel familiar with or have their own purposes. China has its own concern. Government thinks NGO and development projects are great but the capital behind them always has their own political standing and they worry about too much involvement in politics. But I don’t think it’s a huge challenge or problem if we can follow the laws and rules and work together with the local institutions and local sustainable energy projects(like solar energy projects).</p>

<p align="justify">Local adoption of projects and sustainable energy related to life behavior of local people, efficiency of sustainable equipment and culture deep in their mind. This is also one of the main reasons I think why rule out China.No matter high income or low income, Chinese people love to save money. Through surveys and research, even if Chinese people have extra money or remittances, they prefer to save money instead of paying for sustainable equipment. For Chinese people, they will try their best to save money from their basic needs consumption.So it would be particularly hard to persuade them to take a certain proportion of their money to pay for sustainable products every year.</p>

<p align="justify">We are also worried about the efficiency of solar energy products. The number of solar energy equipment in rural China began to decrease in the past few years. Because the solar system is very unstable in some places in China. Especially in South China, where it may rain continuously for a month. At this time, the solar system is not very useful. Also some places in China are really cold and have heavy snow, so solar equipment would experience damage and have to be replaced quite often. Apparently, the cost is increasing. We can use backup energy and manual recharger to alleviate this situation to some extent.</p>

### Implementation Opportunities ###

<p align="justify">Initially, our spotlight was on countries receiving large remittance inflows that also had large energy needs. After analyzing the results of our market research, we recommend a pilot program targeting middle-income countries such as Egypt and Mexico, because there are likely fewer people struggling to meet their basic needs. Before developing a green remittance platform at the global level, a targeted pilot program would enable the testing of the platform’s key components, such as secure remitter-to-receiver financial transactions, supply chain management, service delivery, maintenance, customer satisfaction, and measurable development outcomes.</p>
<p align="justify">As discussed, it is necessary to contextualize the sustainable energy solutions offered to each country. We envision an e-commerce application that is remitter-facing. The app must include a catalog of sustainable energy products that are tailored to that specific country/region. The selection of products for each contextualized catalog would require detailed research and assessment of local/national energy needs, narrowing down the plethora of possible sustainable energy solutions to a customized catalog of offerings. This approach would provide the best user-experience for remitters, with the potential to be very impactful in specified geographies.</p>

<p align="justify"> Another key insight that came from market research was the importance of energy-related education and knowledge sharing. The general lack of knowledge around energy issues and the disconnect between energy poverty and quality of life are more severe in low- and middle-income countries, relative to high-income countries. Along with the launch of a remitter-facing e-commerce application, we recommend an accompanying campaign for energy-related education that targets both parties, with a predominant focus on the remittance-receiver. This may be as simple as marketing or user-friendly application design on the remitter-end. However sharing knowledge with remittance-receivers would require additional time and investment through print, media, and in-person outreach. Outreach at the communal level can be very impactful, as we have learned that consumers are interested in maintaining their one-on-one financial relationships as well as contributing to a pooled fund for communal development. It will do little good if only a few households have access to refrigeration, clean cooking facilities, or solar power generators. In fact, this will likely perpetuate social inequity. We recommend considering sustainable solutions that can be shared amongst a broader group of community members.</p>

<p align="justify">In regards to project implementation, it is clear that forming partnerships is a critical part of this kind of initiative. The concept of sustainable development is rooted in enabling disenfranchised communities to support themselves, as opposed to importing “answers” from the outside. Realistically, back-end platform managers cannot possibly do it all, and will not be the ones installing the devices or assuring maintenance in-country. Therefore it is necessary to involve existing utility companies that have the tools and talent to support customer-facing aspects. Existing green remittance platforms have benefitted from partnering directly with local energy providers, e-commerce platforms, and mobile phone app developers. We recommend utilizing third party contracts (TPCs) to enable effective delivery of sustainable energy solutions as well as promote sustainable development.</p>

<p align="justify">International financial institutions (IFIs) can be key partners in the implementation of this platform. Our market research showed that a large majority of respondents used Western Union to send remittances. For the purpose of sending money, they have an online presence in 75 countries and territories, of which more than 50 countries have transactional mobile apps. For the purpose of receiving money, they have a global account network reaching 125 countries, paying out into billions of bank accounts, wallets, and cards, as well as a retail network with 550,000 locations across urban, rural, and remote parts of the world [^1]. They report that digital cross-border payments comprised 34% of transactions and 23% of revenues for their consumer-to-consumer segment. In addition to dominating the market in SSA, Western Union has seen 77% transaction growth in digital money transfer, ahead of its peers (Moneygram, Transferwise, Paypal, and Ria) by a wide margin. Their digital growth has been led by the US, France, UK, Australia, and Germany; four of which are in the top 10 remittance senders globally (Table 1).
[^1]: Jaffin, J. (2021). How Western Union Became a Global Digital Front-Runner for Cross-Border Payments. Retrieved from Western Union: https://www.westernunion.com/blog/en/digital-front-runner-of-cross-border-payments/
  </p>


<p align="justify">Western Union engages in corporate social responsibility through its Environmental and Social Governance (ESG) Strategy. Their ESG Strategy lists 3 priority areas: (1) Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion; (2) Integrity of Global Money Movement; and (3) Economic Prosperity. Additionally, their strategy explicitly mentions their support of the UN SDGs. They claim to focus specifically on Goal 1 (No Poverty), Goal 5 (Gender Equality), Goal 8 (Decent Work and Economic Growth), Goal 10 (Reduced Inequalities), Goal 16 (Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions) and Goal 17 (Partnerships for the Goals) [^2]. There seems to be very fertile ground here, so we recommend forming a partnership with Western Union. It may be possible to link the green remittance e-commerce platform to the existing fin-tech software of this major IFI—akin to how Zelle has linked itself to a number of banks. Similarly, the lure of little to no transaction fees can help move a significant share of the market towards engaging with this platform.
[^2]: Western Union. (2021). Environmental, Social, and Governance Report Executive Summary. Retrieved from https://corporate.westernunion.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/2020-Western-Union-ESG-Summary.pdf </p>


Other potential partners:

1. Existing green remittance projects
2. Implementation support/funding: [Light Up the World Foundation](https://lutw.org/home/about-us/), [GOGLA](https://africa.unlockingsolarcapital.com/about-gogla), [Sun King](https://sunking.com/about-sun-king/)
3. Product delivery: [DHL](https://www.dhl.com/global-en/home/about-us/sustainability.html)
4. Service delivery: Local utility providers, [Barefoot Power](https://www.barefootpower.com/about-us.html)


